Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Inheritance` affects your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

Kiara Sunil Singh - My initial impression of inheritance is that it can be very useful and can make the coding process more efficient because it eliminates the need to rewrite existing code. I found that it can also help with maintaining a more organized and readable code. For this specific assignment,  I found that it was helpful to consult with the provided resources in the Readme file for certain hashtable functions. In addition, doing some research on W3 Schools also helped me understand more about how hashtables can be used and the proper way to format them. I would recommend starting the assignment early and using all available resources, especially the ones outlined in the Readme. 

Victoria -I really like inheritance, I think it’s such an interesting and helpful tool to reuse work. I think it also makes our programming more connected and easy because we know where our “blueprints” come from (parent classes). I mostly worked in the cafe class. I didn’t know I had to use super so the cafe would be inside the building, which made sense once I understood why. I attend TA and Ab’s office hours to help me figure out a bug! I would recommend prospective students to go through the material and get help form the TA’s so you don’t get stuck on one problem!

Chiashi Yang - After completing this assignment, I think “inheritance” can make programming a lot easier. Instead of having to create a whole bunch of new code, I can just have my subclass inherit the methods and attributes of my parent class. In addition, this guides me with my programming by making sure that I’m implementing the correct parameters of the methods. I worked on the “House” class and found it to be pretty straight forward. However, I did have trouble with the constructor because I was confused on how to implement the “super” part. I forgot that the “super” part must only take in the parameters that are present in the parent class, not any additional ones that are present for the subclass. Despite this, the other methods in the “House” class worked out well for me. I would advise someone who is taking this course in the future to ask questions and go to TA/office hours. Also, I suggest taking it slow when you are coding a new concept that way you can better understand what you are doing and why.
